[THEME MUSIC]
>>OK.
In this section, I
wanted to talk about some
of the ideas that
are in our culture,
especially the
technology side, that
have to do with this
transhumanization,
because you're going to see more
and more of this coming online
here in the coming years.
Earlier we looked at this
symbol from Glastonbury Tor
that ultimately
symbolizes the Holy Grail.
And I noted that it's
strikingly similar to the symbol
that we use for quantum
entanglement today.
And we wonder, is this what
the grail is really all about,
it's about quantum entanglement?
Quantum entanglement says
it's possible to link together
two quantum particles, photons
of light or atoms for example,
in a special way that
makes them effectively
two parts of the same entity.
You can separate them as far
as you like and a change in one
is instantly reflected
in the other.
That's an amazing concept.
And the first
practical applications
of quantum entanglement are
starting to come online.
The first thing most
people think of,
including a report produced
by the Department of Defense
shortly after entanglement
was proved real,
is being able to use it to
communicate faster than light.
Then there are
quantum computers,
which are going to start
revolutionizing our world.
These are conceptual
machines that
can crack problems that would
take an ordinary computer
longer than a lifetime
of a universe to solve,
and they can store infinite
amounts of information.
Quantum computers,
especially the Japanese
are on the forefront
of this, can manipulate
subatomic particles to perform
lightning-fast calculations,
some closer to-- they
came closer to reality
recently when a
Japanese demonstrated
that it created a quantum
circuit that could control
the building blocks of atoms.
I mean, you talk about
a godlike ability.
We're talking about
literally being
able to control
atoms themselves,
the matrix of the universe.
In February, 2007, a company
called D-Wave Systems
of Vancouver, British
Columbia launched
the Orion-- an appropriately
named technology,
because that's the name
of Osiris when he ascends,
Orion-- what they call the
world's first commercially
viable quantum computer.
Here is a depiction of
one of their processors.
It's kind of intriguing-looking.
Looks sort of like a
cross maybe or something.
But then when you
look at another one
of their processors, you start
to get the idea of where we're
really going with all this.
You see the vesica in the
center of that processor.
And it suggests,
well, wait a minute,
you know, maybe these
quantum computers
are what is ultimately going
to blast open these star gates,
and that what we're
on the verge of here
is creating these
machines that can
in fact help us to transfigure.
Is that OK?
Is that how we're going
to do it in this age?
Whereas in the
ancients, they seem
to have tapped into the
imagination and the power
of the heart, are we
here telling us today
that we're going to have to
do it through technology?
Should we embrace
this technology?
Should we make it
part of ourselves?
Or is this literally a
set of training wheels
that is going to ultimately
refer to our bodies?
Are we going to come
back to our bodies?
That's my hope.
Another practical
application of entanglement
is human teleportation,
like faxing yourself places.
And there are scientists
around the world
that are actually working on
this technology right now.
And it's really remarkable
to think about this.
By interacting the particle with
one half of an entangled pair
and then putting the
other half of the pair
through a special process,
a bit like a logic
gate in a computer,
it's possible to make
an identical particle
at a remote location.
We can only do this because
the entanglement transfers
the quantum information without
us ever knowing what it was.
In the process, the original
particle loses its properties.
And teleportation isn't copying.
It effectively destroys
the individual.
So when CERN talking about
the possibility of teleporting
humans in 10 or 20 years,
what they don't tell you
is that in order
to teleport you,
they're going to destroy you and
then reassemble a copy of you
at another location.
Comfortable with that?
Jesus saw infants being suckled.
He said to his disciples,
these infants being suckled
are like those who
enter the Kingdom.
They said to him, shall we then
as children enter the Kingdom?
Jesus said to them, when
you make the two one
and when you make the
inside like the outside
and the outside like the inside
and the above like the below,
and when you make the male and
the female one and the same
so that the male not be
male nor female, female,
and when you fashion eyes
in the place of an eye
and a hand in place of a hand
and a foot in place of a foot
and a likeness in
place of a likeness,
then you will enter the Kingdom.
Sounds like he's talking
about entanglement to me.
Sounds like he's
talking about making
an image or a copy of
himself and faxing himself
into the Kingdom of Heaven.
What's God's fax
number, by the way?
Does anybody remember?
That, by the way, is from the
Gospel of Thomas, Saying 22.
Seems to me a clear reference
to quantum entanglement.
That's what Thomas went through.
Remember, he made
an image of himself
and projected himself
into this realm
and then projected himself
back into the heavenly realm.
Death and rebirth
was at the heart
of the Christian ministries,
especially that of the Essenes.
And by enacting the death
and rebirth in life,
the soul would gain
familiarity with the workings
of the dimension of the blessed.
The historian Josephus, who is
quite direct on this matter,
says, quote, "it is a
fixed belief of theirs"--
the Essenes-- "that the body is
corruptible and its constituent
matter impermanent, but
that the soul is immortal
and imperishable."
The divine spark.
"Emanating from
the finest ether,
these souls became
entangled"-- emphasis mine--
"as it were in the
prison house of the body,
to which they were dragged down
by a sort of natural spell.
But when once they are released
from the bonds of the flesh,
then, as though liberated
from a long servitude,
they rejoice and
our borne aloft."
Entanglement seems to be an
ancient concept as well, just
like teleportation.
They thought of it
differently, though.
Quantum entanglement involves
two separate particles
behaving as if they are
essentially one and the same,
even though they are
separated by a great distance.
Changes to one particle will
be mirrored in the other half.
Remember when we
started, we talked
about that story of
Thomas and his divine self
that lived in that
divine realm and how
we was creating a mirror
image of himself here
and was in constant contact
or could be in contact
with his higher self.
Using this phenomena
of entanglement,
physicists have been able to
transport or in effect teleport
the properties of one particle
to another, in the case
of atoms over a distance
of about half a meter
and in the case of photons
over tens of kilometers.
But again, we're making rapid
advancements on this every day.
And it may come up
here soon that you're
going to have to
seriously consider
if you want to start teleporting
yourself around by destroying
this and making a perfect
copy at another location.
Did you ever see the
movie The Prestige?
If you haven't seen The
Prestige with Hugh Jackson,
go watch that movie.
But please, watch it--
save yourself enough time
so you can watch
it back to back,
because that's the only way
you're really going to get it.
It talks exactly about
what we're describing here.
I've seriously
considered too the idea
that we should be looking
for entangled communications
from outside worlds.
Maybe crop circles represent
those communications.
Maybe the Gospel of Thomas
is talking about a story
about entanglement.
Surely that's what they're
considering here at CERN.
When they're talking
about teleportation,
it's ultimately entanglement.
Mary Magdalene I believe
knew these secrets.
As we talked just
a moment ago, she
was given her cloak
of light, her cloak
of the Illuminati,
who is portrayed here
on the cover of my book
by Dana Augustine wearing
her cloak with her
open gate behind her,
that three-dimensional image
going into another location,
the Kingdom of Heaven.
Another word for transfiguration
that we use today
is transhumanize.
There's a whole
transhumanization movement
that's afoot out there.
Dante is the one who coined this
remarkable word, transhumanize,
in his epic poem
the "Divine Comedy."
To Dante, transhumanize is
an experience, not a word.
And today, there's a whole
marketing campaign out here
that's directed at encouraging
you to transhumanize yourself.
You're not fully
human unless you've
got one of these
Bluetooth things
sticking out of your ear.
You're not fully human
unless you've got
an iPod strapped to your body.
What's happening, as I
mentioned a couple of times,
is that there's a convergence
of technology that's occurring
in our world right now.
Bits, atoms,
neurons, genes, bang,
they are all coming together
into one technology.
Computer science,
nanotechnology, neuroscience,
and genetic technology
is all becoming
one technology, one science.
As I wrote in my book,
Oracle of the Illuminati,
several years ago,
we're entering
into a world in which
mortality gives way
to human-machine hybrids
they can live for hundreds,
if not thousands of years.
This is very attractive.
This can be very tempting
to go down this road,
because if you can live
to say be 200 years old,
you can read a lot of books
in a couple hundred years.
You can visit a lot
of power places.
You can absorb a lot of
this wisdom, or maybe not.
Maybe by accepting
this interface,
you forego the capability
of actually using
the body for the purpose
that it was originally
meant to be used.
Are we envisioning
a world in which
a small class of
people in possession
of this sort of technology
genetically engineers babies
to be a superhuman race, a world
in which these same people turn
traditional humans into slaves?
The inevitable effect
of this convergence
is the transformation
of Homo sapiens
into several different
types of transhuman life.
These transhuman life forms
will possess complete control
of their immediate physical
universe and their own bodies,
as well as possess intellects
far superior to anything
our present state can imagine.
We're the last human beings
ever to walk on this planet.
Children that are
being born now,
that they are
indoctrinated in this way
and become hybrid children,
probably are no longer
going to be Homo sapien.
They're going to be
something else, be hybrids.
As Blake said, man
is all imagination.
The eternal body of
man is the imagination.
That is God himself.
We need to accept the
power of our imagination
that we can do this.
As the Gnostics taught, we
can enter through the image.
We can connect mentally,
physically, spiritually,
and emotionally with
images such as this
and become these
ascended beings.
We're hardwired already.
It's inside of us.
What we need is like
that caterpillar looking
at the butterfly,
we need a target.
And here's the
target right here.
The Gnostics said the image
itself will show you the way.
They knew the power
of these images.
And these were literally
like gospels to them.
They make new
connections within us.
They open the pathways.
We know from research
in psychoneuroimmunology
that feelings of
helplessness weaken us.
It weakens our immune system.
But a sense of empowerment
strengthens it.
What we have to do is focus
on not images of terror
and torture as we see here.
So a local psychologist
named Dr. Mario Martinez,
he studied stigmatics
for the Vatican.
He actually met a
woman in California
who exhibited the stigmatic
marks after obsessively reading
about the crucifixion.
She reads about this
excessively obsessively,
suddenly her body manifests
the stigmatic marks.
That's incredible power.
Can't we channel that in
the other direction too?
That's what Dr. Martinez's
theory of biocognition states,
that we all have a personal
bioinformational field, which
is expandable.
The horizons of this field
can be expanded either
by focusing on fear
or focusing on love.
If you expand by interacting
with the horizons of Christ
or Jesus as your
target, then you'll
identify either with his
suffering or his love.
And if it's with his suffering--
and this is very rare--
you could exemplify
the stigmatic marks.
Conversely, if you follow and
identify the path of love,
you could experience healing or
special abilities to do things.
You might even transfigure.
You've got to become
obsessed with it.
That's the key, making
this the cultural norm,
making this the
ultimate objective.
There are various
researchers, scientists
that talk about morphic fields.
There is a morphic
field that exists,
a field within and around
a self-organizing system
that organizes its
characteristic structure
and pattern of activity.
There's a morphic field
of the transfiguration.
And according to the hypothesis
of formative causation,
morphic fields contain
an inherent memory
transmitted by previous similar
systems by morphic resonance
and tend to become
increasingly habitual.
So if we can tune
into the morphic field
of the transfiguration and
put ourselves in resonance
with what is happening in
those transfiguration icons,
that's how we began
to embody this.
Morphic fields
include morphogenetic,
behavior, social, cultural,
and mental fields.
And this is why we can include
the transfiguration in there,
because the greater the degree
of similarity, the greater
the influence of
morphic resonance.
What we want to do is put
ourselves in resonance
and attune ourselves mentally,
physically, spiritually,
and emotionally with these
images and begin to then
embody them.
Morphogenetic field
theory tells us
that all manifest
forms are built
upon unseen templates
of light and sound,
called morphogenetic fields.
Morphogenetic fields
of light and sound
composed a set of electrical
tonal standing wave patterns
called scalar waves.
And that's what our body is.
And that's how images such as
the transfiguration and others
that we looked at
point us to the way
in which this process happens
and literally how easy it is.
We're told that
our planetary field
has a morphogenetic
field, a scalar
grid that's divided
into sections
called planetary shields.
So by visiting various power
centers, like Nashville, Giza,
Scotland, elsewhere
around the world,
we're putting ourselves in
the places where these code
seals can be opened within us.
And that's a very important
part of this process.
It's important for us
to go to these places
and be together in these
places and receive the energy.
Morphic resonance is another
term that follows in here.
And morphic resonance is
defined as the influence
of previous structures on
subsequent similar structures
of activity organized
by morphic fields.
According to the hypothesis
of formative causation,
morphic resonance
involves the transmission
of formative influences
across space and time
without a decrease due
to a lapse of time.
This takes us back to
entanglement again, that there
are beings that have done this.
We are quantumly
entangled with them.
And through the
morphic field created
by all their past efforts,
we can tune into that
and effect that transfiguration
within our own body.
Morphogenesis says our
choices and decisions
and the behavior
that follows directly
shapes the structure of
your DNA and the memories
that are encoded there
for future reference.
The work that you're
doing is literally
changing your family tree.
By coming to this
experience this weekend
and being together, you've
changed my family tree
and you have changed
my family tree.
Did I say that right?
I've changed your family tree
and you have changed mine,
because our DNA is affected
through this process
of morphogenesis.
The change that I'm
doing in my life today
affects my sisters,
my mother, my nieces,
my father who passed
away seven years ago,
my grandfather, my
great-grandfather,
my whole family line they
say maybe going back as
far as seven
generations, because we
are morphogenetically
attuned to one another.
That's not putting
any pressure on you.
That's talking about the
promise of what you're doing.
>>It's liberating.
>>It's liberating,
absolutely liberating.
When we make right
choices, our DNA
is affected and so is the DNA
of everyone in our family tree.
And so we tune
into these images,
now knowing that if we
start obsessively imagining
this gate within
us, in our body,
as having these
capabilities, then
we can tap into this
bioinformational field,
the morphic field of
the transfiguration
and begin this process.
And that's the
choice that we have.
Are we imagining a world in
which human beings routinely
achieve their light
body or are we
imagining a different
sort of world?
And I want to close
just by thank you
for helping me to
imagine a being where--
a civilization where
beings routinely achieve
their light body and
making this morphic field
that much more solid and
accessible for many, many, many
more people.
So thank you all very
much for being here.
It's been my pleasure.
And we have a few moments left
for questions and comments.
If you'd like to
talk about this,
I'd be happy to entertain
those questions.
But other than that,
thank you very much.
[APPLAUSE]